# rock-paper-scissors
An in-browser console game of paper, scissors, stone

# First Entry: Thinking like a programmer

My objective at this stage is to follow the guidelines
explained in the problem solving lesson: understand the 
objectives, plan from the interface to the input and output 
and algorithms, write pseudocode, and divide tasks. 

The goal is to create a game played through a browser's
console. The game is Rock paper scissors. Rock beats scissors.
Scissors beat paper. Paper beats rock. The players plays
against the computer. The computer randomly selects a hand.
The user writes their own choice into the console. The computer
determines the result of the round and the console displays 
the result of the round: win, loss, draw. The computer offers 
to play once more. 

Some difficulties that I predict will arise are the validation
of the user's input. Typos and voluntarily wrong input could
trip up the process. 

The algorithm checks the input and compares it to its own
randomly determined hand. It displays one of three possible 
messages. It starts a new game.

# Second Entry: Final Push

I forgot to journal my experience writing this program, but I
didn't forget to commit often. That's still a lesson learned
from the first project: the recipe page. 

The whole project was way easier than some Redditors made me
believe. It took about 3 to 4 hours of dedicated work to 
complete. I met all objectives and added one or two that I
thought would be an appropriate challenge for my level.